Changes to Chronux from previous version

1) Better comments particularly in the coherency calculations - We now explain that the
coherency routines return the standard deviation of phi in the variable phierr. However, 
in order to ensure that the calling sequence remains the same when Jackknife calculations
are put in, the first dimension of phierr can be 1 or 2 corresponding to upper and lower
confidence bands. Thus phierr(1,...)=phierr(2,...)=standard deviation of phi. For p=0.05
band one should then take phi+/- phierr(1,...). When Jackknife calculations are introduced,
we will eventually have phierr(1,...) not equal to phierr(2,...). In that case the correct
confidence intervals will be given by phi-phierr(1,...) and phi+phierr(2,...).

2) There was a problem with previous calculations of the derivatives. In particular, an 
approximate formula for the derivatives is given by X' A X where X=(x(1),x(2),...,x(k)) are
the k fourier transforms (each a function of frequency), X' is the adjoint of X and A is a
bidiagonal matrix of the form A(i,j)=sqrt(i) for j=i+1; A(i,j)=sqrt(j) for j=i-1, and A(i,j)=0, 
otherwise. The previous formula assumed A was bidiagonal but with the off diagonal terms all
being 1.

3) We have introduced routines for doing the non-stationarity test a la Thomson (2000). These routines 
are currently available only for continuous data.

4) We have now put in routines doing the two group comparison of coherences and spectra 
(Bokil et al, to be submitted, 2006). These are applicable to point as well as continuous processes
and allow you to compute a test statistic \Delta z, and its Jackknife variance. The test statistic
is distributed as N(0,1) under the null hypothesis of equal population coherences or spectra
when the underlying data are non-Gaussian. The routine also returns a variable that contains information
about the frequencies at which the null can be rejected. In addition,large deviations of the Jackknife 
variance from 1 occurs at frequencies where the data shows non-gaussian fluctuations. The test should 
be treated with considerable caution at these frequencies. These are the directory chronux/statistical_tests

5) New routines have been written to compute the cross-spectral matrix, its singular values and leading
singular vectors, as well as the Wiener entropy for point process data. The routine for continuous valued
data is now names CrossSpecMatc.m with the old routine CrossSpecMat.m avalable in the directory chronux/old.


6) Fixed an error in binspikes.m that caused some problems with the time
window specified was smaller than the maximum duration of the spikes.